[VIT-6388] Docs + Changelog: Team scope requirements (#220)
tryVital/docs: docs/changelog/wearables/api.mdx

title: "API"
---

### Team Scope Requirements (Apr 24)

> You can now tailor your Vital Team's OAuth scopes using the [Org Management API](/api-reference/org-management/team-scope-requirements/upsert-team-scope-requirements)
> to define the necessary permissions for a user's connection to be successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now tailor what scopes Vital would request from your Users using the [Org Management API](/api-reference/org-management/team-scope-requirements/upsert-team-scope-requirements). This applies when your user connects to an [OAuth provider](/wearables/connecting-providers/auth_types) that support scopes.
```

<Accordion icon="lightbulb" iconType="duotone" title="Details" defaultOpen>

> When the `user_must_grant` list under Team Scope Requirements setting is not empty, Vital ensures that a user's connection succeeds only if all the required scopes are granted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vital ensures that any new provider connection can establish only when the user has granted all the scopes you specified in the `user_must_grant` scope list.
```

> The scopes specified under `user_may_grant`, will be visible for the user to opt in to, but without affecting the status of their connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scopes specified as `user_may_grant` would be requested alongside the `user_must_grant` scopes. However, unlike `user_must_grant`, they do not prevent the connection from being established.
```
